Welcome back to class. So, far in the course,
you've learned a lot about Bitcoin core,
creating transactions in the wallet gooey,
and cover a number of debug console commands.
In this lesson, our two big takeaways will
be understanding transactions and blocks as data models,
and understanding how to use the information that's stored inside of them.
Any blockchain platform you end up working with will be transaction-based.
Whether you plan on building your own blockchain or leveraging an existing blockchain,
understanding how the data is structured will help you use it more efficiently.
We'll run up the lesson on a more philosophical note,
discussing the ethics and best practices when embedding data in blockchain transactions.
To summarize, by the end of this lesson you'll be able
to recognize the Data Structure of Blocks and Transactions,
recognize the purpose of Bitcoin Script Opcodes and these
are commonly used in the inputs and outputs of the transaction process,
and lastly explore the limitations and
best practices of Embedding Data in Blockchain Transactions.
Using these skills will help you with the next lesson where you'll build
all components of your own private simple blockchain off from scratch.